Include omitted installation step (#56)
Prime-Access-Consulting/nvda-at-automation: README.md

### NVDA Add-on

* Move the folder `NVDAPlugin` into your NVDA addons directory — `userConfig\addons` in case of a portable NVDA, `%appdata%\nvda\addons` in case of a system install — and (re)start NVDA.

> * Configure NVDA to use the Synthesizer named "Capture Speech" (located in the "Speech" panel of the NVDA Settings menu)

Reviewer: @jugglinmike Thanks for this change.  My suggested wording would be:

```suggestion
* Configure NVDA to use the Synthesizer named "Capture Speech". You can do this either by:
	* Pressing NVDA+Control+S; or
	* navigating from the NVDA menu to "Preferences" -> "Settings", selecting "Speech" in the "Categories:" list, and pressing the "Change..." button under "Synthesizer".
```

Author: Sounds good to me!
